src/Balancing.md, before:

# Balancing Tree Algorithms
## Why we Balance Trees (3:28)
<iframe width="560" height="315" 
    src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/XvRu4K7cS5M?rel=0" 
    frameborder="0" 
    allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" 
    allowfullscreen></iframe>

## Tree Rotations (3:04)
<iframe width="560" height="315" 
    src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/qRYAyrOjIhc?rel=0" 
    frameborder="0" 
    allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" 
    allowfullscreen></iframe>

## AVL Self-Balancing Algorithm Overview (5:11)
<iframe width="560" height="315" 
    src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/k_eeSVso3Aw?rel=0" 
    frameborder="0" 
    allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" 
    allowfullscreen></iframe>

## Red-Black Self-Balancing Algorithm Overview (2:25)
<iframe width="560" height="315" 
    src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/J_J5ydwi32o?rel=0" 
    frameborder="0" 
    allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" 
    allowfullscreen></iframe>

## SkipLists (2:23)
<iframe width="560" height="315" 
    src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/bTWHTESdHhY?rel=0" 
    frameborder="0" 
    allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" 
    allowfullscreen></iframe>

Commit message:

add a sentence to each big section

src/Balancing.md, after:

# Balancing Tree Algorithms

The goal of this section is not to actually study tree-balancing algorithms (that's an Algorithms topic) but to give a more concrete sense of how those algorithms work.

***Opinion***: If you find yourself heading off to implement a self-balancing binary search tree; do yourself a favor and ***don't do it***. If you just need association, use a hashmap instead. If you do need the ordered-nature, implement a SkipList instead -- for basically the same performance, the code/algorithms are much simpler! [(Pugh, 1990)](https://dl.acm.org/doi/abs/10.1145/78973.78977)

## Why we Balance Trees (3:28)
<iframe width="560" height="315" 
    src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/XvRu4K7cS5M?rel=0" 
    frameborder="0" 
    allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" 
    allowfullscreen></iframe>

## Tree Rotations (3:04)
<iframe width="560" height="315" 
    src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/qRYAyrOjIhc?rel=0" 
    frameborder="0" 
    allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" 
    allowfullscreen></iframe>

## AVL Self-Balancing Algorithm Overview (5:11)
<iframe width="560" height="315" 
    src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/k_eeSVso3Aw?rel=0" 
    frameborder="0" 
    allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" 
    allowfullscreen></iframe>

## Red-Black Self-Balancing Algorithm Overview (2:25)
<iframe width="560" height="315" 
    src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/J_J5ydwi32o?rel=0" 
    frameborder="0" 
    allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" 
    allowfullscreen></iframe>

## Treaps & SkipLists (2:23)
<iframe width="560" height="315" 
    src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/bTWHTESdHhY?rel=0" 
    frameborder="0" 
    allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" 
    allowfullscreen></iframe>
