src/README.md, before:

# Data Structures in Java for Smith College

This website currently begins a few weeks into the course I would usually teach, after finishing the pure-Java topics.

## Java Notes

This section contains a handful of notes useful for when you're "Getting started with Java".

- [Java from Python](java-from-python.md)
- [Objects & Classes](objects-101.md)
- [Using Java's Lists](list-methods.md)

## Data Structures Notes

I consider stacks and queues to primarily be specific uses of lists -- rather than independent topics. Some of this is a trade-off for time in this course.

- [Stacks & Queues](stacks-and-queues.md)

## Big-O notation and complexity

We use big-O notation to talk about the time-complexity (and very-occasionally the space-complexity) of data structures. These notes provide an intro.

- [Complexity](complexity.md)

## Lists: Linked & Array

We typically spend a significant amount of time on lists as the data structure family where we practice implementing every method of a data structure.

- [Fixed Size Lists and ArrayLists](FSL.md)
- [Singly Linked-Lists](SLL.md)
- [Doubly Linked-Lists](DLL.md)
- [Chunky ArrayLists](ChunkyArrayList.md)
- [Lists Conclusions](Lists.md)

## Sorting

A sorted list can be considered a set data structure, so covering sorting also makes a fair bit of sense -- also it provides motivation for trees and practice with recursion.

- [Sorting (Part 1): Binary Search, IsSorted, BubbleSort](Sorting1.md)
- [Sorting (Part 2): Insertion, Selection and Merge Sort](Sorting2.md)
- [QuickSort](QuickSort.md)
- [Comparison Notes](comparison.md) - these notes provide an aside about how to get Java to sort your own classes and objects.

## Trees

Trees are broadly useful and heaps are critical to a number of applications. They also continue the journey of learning to reason about relationships between nodes and data on the way to graphs.

- [Intro to Trees](Trees.md)
- [Heaps & HeapSort](Heaps.md)

## HashTables

HashTables can provide nearly O(1) lookup, insert, and remove by spending some additional space on empty buckets.

- [Hashing, HashTables, HashSets, and HashMaps](HashTables.md)

## Algorithms Preview

Data structures naturally feeds into algorithms topics, so we cover some of these at the end of this course as a "What's-next?" setup.

- [Balancing Tree Algorithms](Balancing.md)
- [Intro to Graphs & Graph Algorithms](Graphs.md)

Commit message:

add emoji content-labeling to sections

src/README.md, after:

# Data Structures in Java for Smith College

This website currently focuses a few weeks into the course I would usually teach, after finishing the pure-Java topics. Most of the content is presented in video format (📺); a little over 100 videos with about 6 hours of total runtime.

There is some content from earlier in the course, but that content is entirely notes-based (📖).

## Java Notes

This section contains a handful of notes useful for when you're "Getting started with Java".

- [Java from Python](java-from-python.md)
- [Objects & Classes](objects-101.md)
- [Using Java's Lists](list-methods.md)

## Data Structures Notes

I consider stacks and queues to primarily be specific uses of lists -- rather than independent topics. Some of this is a trade-off for time in this course.

- [Stacks & Queues](stacks-and-queues.md)

## Big-O notation and complexity

We use big-O notation to talk about the time-complexity (and very-occasionally the space-complexity) of data structures. These notes provide an intro.

- [Complexity](complexity.md)

## Lists: Linked & Array

We typically spend a significant amount of time on lists as the data structure family where we practice implementing every method of a data structure.

- [Fixed Size Lists and ArrayLists](FSL.md)
- [Singly Linked-Lists](SLL.md)
- [Doubly Linked-Lists](DLL.md)
- [Chunky ArrayLists](ChunkyArrayList.md)
- [Lists Conclusions](Lists.md)

## Sorting

A sorted list can be considered a set data structure, so covering sorting also makes a fair bit of sense -- also it provides motivation for trees and practice with recursion.

- [Sorting (Part 1): Binary Search, IsSorted, BubbleSort](Sorting1.md)
- [Sorting (Part 2): Insertion, Selection and Merge Sort](Sorting2.md)
- [QuickSort](QuickSort.md)
- [Comparison Notes](comparison.md) - these notes provide an aside about how to get Java to sort your own classes and objects.

## Trees

Trees are broadly useful and heaps are critical to a number of applications. They also continue the journey of learning to reason about relationships between nodes and data on the way to graphs.

- [Intro to Trees](Trees.md)
- [Heaps & HeapSort](Heaps.md)

## HashTables

HashTables can provide nearly O(1) lookup, insert, and remove by spending some additional space on empty buckets.

- [Hashing, HashTables, HashSets, and HashMaps](HashTables.md)

## Algorithms Preview

Data structures naturally feeds into algorithms topics, so we cover some of these at the end of this course as a "What's-next?" setup.

- [Balancing Tree Algorithms](Balancing.md)
- [Intro to Graphs & Graph Algorithms](Graphs.md)
